README.md, before:

# Pixelated

![Pixelated Logo](./assets/android-chrome-192x192.png)

An addictive game of strategy and color!

## About

Pixelated is a puzzle-based strategy game that requires a mix of skill and luck. The objective is to change the color of the squares until the entire screen is a single solid color.

![Screenshot](./screenshots/screenshot-small.png)

## How To Play

Starting with the square in the upper left corner you can change the color of the blocks in order to match that of the surrounding squares. This is done repeatedly until the entire screen is one color. The goal is to clear the screen in as few moves as possible. You must do so in under 22 moves to win. The game is controlled by the color buttons at the bottom of the screen.

## Features

- **Cross-Platform Optimization**: Designed for both mobile and desktop
- **Offline Play**: Install it as a Progressive Web Application (PWA) and play offline
- **Winning Streak** : Keep track of your consecutive victories

## Reporting Bugs

If you come across any bugs or issues, please let me know! Feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request. Thank you!

## Technologies Used

<a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JavaScript"><img src="https://github.com/michaelkolesidis/tech-icons/blob/main/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" height="50px" /></a>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
<a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CSS"><img src="https://github.com/michaelkolesidis/tech-icons/blob/main/icons/css3/css3-plain.svg" height="50px" /></a>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
<img src="https://github.com/michaelkolesidis/tech-icons/blob/main/icons/html5/html5-plain.svg" height="50px" />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

This game was developed using vanilla JavaScript, CSS, and HTML, with no external libraries, frameworks, or dependencies of any kind.

## Acknowledgements

Special thanks to [Ebscer](https://ebscer.com/) for creating the original Blackberry game, now sadly discontinued. This project serves as a tribute and spiritual successor.

## Learn More

Learn more about the flood fill algorithm, commonly used in tools like the bucket tool in image editing software, and in games:

- [Flood fill (Wikipedia)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flood_fill)

## License

<a href="https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.html"><img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/06/AGPLv3_Logo.svg" height="100px" /></a>

Copyright (c) Michael Kolesidis  
Licensed under the [GNU Affero General Public License v3.0](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.html).

Commit message:

add attention free software notices

README.md, after:

# Pixelated

![Pixelated Logo](./assets/android-chrome-192x192.png)

An addictive game of strategy and color!

![Attention! Free Software](./assets/attention-free-software.png)

This software is free (as in freedom). **If you use any part of this code, you must make your entire project's source code publicly available under the same license.** This applies whether you modify the code or use it as it is in your own project. This ensures that all modifications and derivative works remain free software, so that everyone can benefit. If you are not willing to comply with these terms, you must refrain from using any part of this code.

For full license terms and conditions, you can read the AGPL-3.0 at: [gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.html](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.html).

## About

Pixelated is a puzzle-based strategy game that requires a mix of skill and luck. The objective is to change the color of the squares until the entire screen is a single solid color.

![Screenshot](./screenshots/screenshot-small.png)

## How To Play

Starting with the square in the upper left corner you can change the color of the blocks in order to match that of the surrounding squares. This is done repeatedly until the entire screen is one color. The goal is to clear the screen in as few moves as possible. You must do so in under 22 moves to win. The game is controlled by the color buttons at the bottom of the screen.

## Features

- **Cross-Platform Optimization**: Designed for both mobile and desktop
- **Offline Play**: Install it as a Progressive Web Application (PWA) and play offline
- **Winning Streak** : Keep track of your consecutive victories

## Reporting Bugs

If you come across any bugs or issues, please let me know! Feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request. Thank you!

## Technologies Used

<a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JavaScript"><img src="https://github.com/michaelkolesidis/tech-icons/blob/main/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" height="50px" /></a>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
<a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CSS"><img src="https://github.com/michaelkolesidis/tech-icons/blob/main/icons/css3/css3-plain.svg" height="50px" /></a>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
<img src="https://github.com/michaelkolesidis/tech-icons/blob/main/icons/html5/html5-plain.svg" height="50px" />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

This game was developed using vanilla JavaScript, CSS, and HTML, with no external libraries, frameworks, or dependencies of any kind.

## Acknowledgements

Special thanks to [Ebscer](https://ebscer.com/) for creating the original Blackberry game, now sadly discontinued. This project serves as a tribute and spiritual successor.

## Learn More

Learn more about the flood fill algorithm, commonly used in tools like the bucket tool in image editing software, and in games:

- [Flood fill (Wikipedia)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flood_fill)

## License

<a href="https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.html"><img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/06/AGPLv3_Logo.svg" height="100px" /></a>

Copyright (c) Michael Kolesidis  
Licensed under the [GNU Affero General Public License v3.0](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.html).
